Introducing Bert. A Jack Russel. His body looks kinda odd in this shot, since I used a close-up lens arrangement, which stretches the depth of the field, making his body look unusually long and slender. He likes to sleep at my feet.
My pledge to post every day didn't last long. I'm mere days away from finishing my degree, 9 to be exact. I'm panicking, though don't seem to be doing much work. So I'm distracting myself by posting a picture. This is a close-up shot of a lock mechanism. The background isn't nearly as out of focus as I had hoped, but the light is wonderful, it was such a nice day!
Ben and I took a stroll along the canal in Boreham today. I scared the wits out of myself by trying to cross locks with my big clumsy feet, but I didn't fall in. Here is a picture of Ben, taking a picture of a weir.
The 'cameras' link on the left is now working, and pointing to a description of most of my cameras. I just took the image below to test the new memory card I bought for my digital camera. It came out darker than I had hoped, since it was raining at the time. I tried to brighten it up in Photoshop a bit, but then thought better of it.
I like it the photographer is reflected in the image, or even just when the cause a shadow. Especially when it's an accident. This was intentional however, and it took me ages to get it right. Fingers-crossed I'll be strolling the canal with Ben on Saturday, so I might get some good shots there. I'll probably take the Holga.
Chelmsford is the only major town I know fairly well. I head in to London all the time, mainly south-bank, but I'm no more savvy than any tourist. I waited ages to get this shot, just as the light was fading, but with the store signs still illuminated. I put the camera on a wall and used the bulb setting. The blur was not intended, but I kinda like it.      Taken with the Smena 8m, on FujiFilm 400.
As promised yesterday, I'm gonna show off the Smena's abilities at night. This is my brother sitting under a street-light slowly moving his head back and forth while keeping his body still.
This one was taken September 2003. I bought at Lomo Smena 8M from a guy in Bulgaria. It's my favourite camera. There's no way to know if it's foccussed, other than the markings on the lens barrel. The plastic lens is outstanding, the colours amazing. I keep this camera mainly for night-shots, since it has a bulb setting, and lens really lends itself to it. I'll sort out a night shot later.
Taken January 2004 with my Holga 120SF, and processed by myself(!). I think black-and-white photos of snow always look kinda grim, but I like that. They're nice to look at it when in an environment that isn't grim.
I think everything is finally sorted, so another quick test. I'm going to upload a picture, then put a link to a bigger version beneath it.  Here goes...      urlLink Click here for a bigger voirsion
A picture of a Gnome, from my garden. Taken with my new Kodak CX4310, in close-up mode, scaled down considerably.   urlLink     I'll be rearranging things here slightly over the coming days.
Back when the only camera I had was a Lomo Actionsampler I got free when I signed up to some web-service, I set up something called a Lomohome. At the time it was just a place to upload galleries for other Lomo enthusiasts to enjoy. Soon after obtaining the Smena-8M I got bored with my Lomohome and started the first website of which this is the latest incarnation.  It was Ed Wenn's site (www.edandjacqui.com) that reminded of the Lomohomes so I went back to see if mine still existed. It did, but seemed rather empty now since so many features have been added since I last used it. With this in mind I've decided to get more active again with the Lomo community, especially since I've resolved to use the Smena more often. So here I present a link to my Lomohome: http://www.lomohomes.com/Lewster the capital 'L' is important!  Since I don't like to see a post go without a picture, here is one from the Holga of a very wintery day earlier this year. In this shot my garden looks far smaller than it actually is.
I've decided to stop feeling guilty about the in-frequencies of my posts. This site started as a place to put my pictures for friends and strangers to see and comment on. I never planned on 'blogging' in the original sense, but I've rather warmed to the idea now.  I've realised there's little point posting a picture every day, if no suitable picture strikes me as worthy. With that in mind I promise to make posts a bit more meaningful, and to tell more of the story behind the pictures.  So, a rather weak start with this one, since it is the other picture of the two good Smena-8M shots taken in my garden (the place I tend to use to finish films off!). The focus, lighting, and framing are all way out in terms of traditionally good photography, but something about this picture excites me. So here it is!
So I finally did something very un-blokey and read some instructions. I actually went to the Fujifilm website and read up on the various aperture/shutter-speed settings they reccommend. The colours have improved, but my focussing still leaves a lot to be desired. I only got maybe three good shots out of 24. Anyway, here's one, I really like the dirty look of this porch against the beautiful sky.
Many apologies for lack of updates, what with finishing University, a short holiday in Wales, and some other things, I've not had the time to take pictures or update this.  Anyway, here's a picture I took last week in my garden of the sky at about 8pm.
Stone me, I think Blogger have sorted things out.  I gashed my ear open last night getting in to Alice's and Ian's car, it smarts something rotten!  Lomography made me the OSCM Expert for Thursday 29th July! Take a peek at the picture below:
Swipe me. The bloomin bank thought I'd graduated last year, so wanted to cut my overdraft! The personnel manager at work failed to keep my appointment, for the second consecutive time. Now my new developing fluid is acting too quickly! It's all going wrong!! With luck I'll be going to London on Saturday with Ben to take some snaps. Blogger is still a mess. They've ruined the create/edit post facility with all sorts of formatting options that cannot be removed, which is why my site looks a little messy. I understand there are moves afoot to set things straight. This is another picture of the petrified trees, this time developed in some new multigrade developer I got. I tried using some filters too but without any notable success.
