urlLink Kevin Che's Website
Ok first blog went bad, and blogger started yelling at me. Saying it has an error and will not let me view blog. Well...................... NEW BLOG WOOT!
This is what I had to hear the other night. Between my mom and my sister.    Mom:    I will let you go out tonight, but you must stay home for two weekday nights. And I will let you go out on Friday and Saturday.   Sister:    Mom that not fair! I am never around, and if I am, I am never with you.   Mom:    Thats why you need to stay home and spend time with us.   Sister:    THATS NOT FAIR! ERRRRR   Mom:    Well I don't care   Sister:    ERRRAAAA! (stomping up the stairs*)
OOOHHH. Feeling much better. But i had a load full of makeup work to do. Also i i found out i am passing spanish. 8-)
Damn the flu! Had a 102 fever for the last 3 days. I really hate it because the only holiday we have off school, I am sick!
LOL what ever you do, dont click this link!  urlLink LINK
My name is paco, and I just made some tacos. This six weeks is going much better than last. But, I still hate school. :P
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines Early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends? Who is General Failure and why is he reading my hard disk? Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery. Shin: a device for finding furniture in the dark. Join the Army, meet interesting people, kill them. For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened, small stain. I tried sniffing Coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose.  All those who believe in psychokinesis raise my hand.
Well that was a waste of time!
Help Improve Blogger by Taking a 15 Minute Survey.  Ok what is this? First of all, people I don't want to take a survey. And second how will it improve my blogger? Really, are you going to give more options or something? Man, can't a guy have a web site where he can put his ideas down in words without having ads everywhere! Eh what are you going to do. The internet is crawling with ads. Lets see what happens when i take it.....................?
What to post, what to post? ................... AAAAHHHH thinking too hard! .................... Oh, I give up!
Stoopid jocks!   I was driving down the road in my car with my dad, and came to a stop sign. Put the car in first and slowly pulled the clutch out and began to move. As soon as i got to 4000 rpm, and about to shift, i saw some jocks playing basketball on the side of the road. I hit the gas a little harder and got to about 7200 rpm almost red lining it. The car was screaming so loud the jocks looked at me with this "face" ;8) LOL that was so funny!
OK. Lots of stuff has happened sence last update. Got my permit, and have been driving my car around. The third six weeks is almost over. and tomorrow is thanksgiving. Well if you see me in a blue rsx driving down the road going 40 and shifting at 7k rpm, wave!
Today at school, nothing happened. Had to wait in the office for an hour while my counselor was at lunch. But, that is about it. Working on POP email for my palm right now. New email will be at softhome.net.
Grounded from the computer for my grades. Mom let me on for an hour or so. Till I bring up my Biology grade, no computer for me.
Long day. My nascar driver crashed, and lost the race. well maybe next week.
All penguins must be killed in very, very painful ways. SLOWLY. Preferably implementing a cantaloupe as a torture device somehow. I've always been curious as to whether it's possible to kill someone with a melon.  urlLink Ctrl Alt Delete
OK day, I guess. Algebra II was easy, something about logs. All they did in ROTC was talk. Biology I took some more notes =I. Had some lunch. Did some group project in English? Played price is right in intro to business. And took a quiz in Spanish. Going to surf the web, watch survivor, then go to bed late.
School was well, school. =I The DMV at grant road wont open for a long time, so I have to find another one to get my motorcycle license. Till then I will ride it illegally. =)
Well, Andi came home. She is SO grounded. I dont know what she was thinking!
LOL staff development day! NO SCHOOL! Oh day has been fun. Had some bacon and eggs for breakfast. Then I went for a motorcycle ride to klein with my dad on his bike behind me. It was so fun, everyone was looking at us. When we got to the klein parking lot my dad was teaching me some things on the bike. We might go back out later.
Well, today was slow. Watched nascar nextel race, and it was bad. Eating some kind of soup right now, taste funny, but eh. I will go grab so chocolate later.
Well, took my bike for a ride, and it runs great with my new choke cable. I only had one problem, it was a bit nippe outside. The wind would get under my helmet and get up my nose. So I was freezing my butt off on my ride. Besides the it was fun =). Helped Blaine make a new blog and showed him a little html. He is set on his blog.
Wow, I woke up at 9:30 AM today, on a weekend! It must be a record. beside that not going on. Andi is still gone, and i dont know when she will be back. Going to go fix my motorcycle and take it for a ride.
Ok, let me update you. In Jan. my dad lost his job, and cant find another one. He comes to me and says "Their will be a change in our lifestyle."  What does that mean?  Are we moving? Are we going to have to get a smaller house? Will I still get to have my car? Do you have to go from 4 ply toilet paper to 2 ply?
Click this link and tell which mtorcycle you like?  urlLink Nice 600cc
This is my bike (not exact picture) but I still don't have my license.
Only a few days left till i get my motorcycle.
Long day. But as long as their was no school, i am a happy person. Will try to do something tomorrow. What will i do? hmmmmmmm, eh i will think of something.
Put a kenwood surround sound radio in my room. Sounds good. Now i can really hear it.
I only have one word to say. WOOT Spring Break! That's more than one, but I don't give a .... (stoopidmunkey23 has been disconnected)
One more day till SPRING BREAK! Hu, and it cant come any quicker.
Hmmmmm, i forgot what i was going to say. Oh yeah! Tomorrow is my bifday!
Bah, I hate Taks.
Found this from a link of a link of a link, etc..........  urlLink Matrix cat
Woot just ordered my birthday gift off the internet. Its a blowup girl. JK! Its a HJC motorcycle helmet with flames =)
4 Day till birth day AHHHHHh. Trying to bring my website back from the  grave , wish me luck.
LOL countdown:5 days till 16th birthday. Makes me feel like newyears.
Only 6 days till my birthday. Yeah!
I hate to study. Damn the creation of the book.
Arheddis Varkenjaab and Aywellbe Fayed. Say this a few times really really slow. Its funny if you get it.
Motorcycle rides are the best. Just watch out for bugs. Going 50mph and getting hit by a bug is not a nice feeling. Next bike I get it is going to have a windshield.
There will always be someone's name you don't know. So ask. I made a new friend this way. :-)
Not good when a girls name knows your name, but you dont know hers. Kind of like boxing with no arms. There is no good way out.
James Earl Samuel Doughman of Willow Court of the U.S.S. North America of the planet earth of the milky way of the universal time anomaly of horoscopal galactic universe with a black hole if ya know what I mean :-)
You only get so much time to sleep. So take it.
Never butt in to a conversation half way through it. Bad things will happen. Very bad things!
WOOT! Schools over. Son of a ....... I have summer school.
Spanish final tomorrow. I should study, but who likes doing that?
Oh, only one day of school left, then we have finals. Oh god i cant last!
So, we worked on that project in intro to bussiness some more. Well, i found out you cant buy a porsche with a 35k salary. Oh well. I finally upgraded from my permit. I can now drive without my parents in the car. WOOOT! HAPPY BIRTHDAY BLAINE!
LOL. In intro to business we had to get a job and buy a car and house. I got a job paying 35k a year bought a ghetto house in SW houston for about 500 a month, and spliting the rent with my room mate. So i had about 1800 a month left to spent, and i still needed a car. Found a used 2000 porsche boxer for 500 a month. =)
Eh, so bored. Need to find something to do. Cant wait till i get my bike
Well, that was an ok birthday. I've had better.  license: 1 a : permission to act b : freedom of action synonym see: FREEDOM
Ok, I found a new site called hits4pay. You get $.02 for every email you read. It doesnt sound like much but if you get a friend to do it, you get $.01 for every e-mail they read. Its really cool and free, try it out  urlLink Click here
