Maybe I'm watching too much TV...  Have you seen those Dell commercials where they show their dedicated customer service agents?  You know the ones... the clean cut black guy, the quirky looking young white dude.. you know... the people in your neighborhood?  Well, I ordered a Dell online this week and ALL I wanted to do is expedite the shipping.  I've talked to probably 6 customer service reps both on the phone and online... and they're ALL FROM INDIA!  What gives?  Now, I probably wouldn't make such a big deal about this but... they've not been able to accomplish the SMALLEST customer service request.  The customer service has been HORRIBLE.  I'm sure Dell has gone the way of most of corporate America and outsourced their call center to India where they can pay their agents $3.50 an hour to read scripts in a language that the callers can't understand... and who's going to argue with someone that doesn't speak your language?  How frustrating.  I go for Dell Server Administrator Certification next week and if I find that ALL of Dell is like this I'm not going to be happy.
I'm in love... x3.  There's a new Cingular commercial with tripplets.  3 VERY hot guys... all looking alike... it's a dream come true.  I can only hope they're gay.
Been a while but what can I say... I've been busy.  Getting ready for the new job and finding about all the travel that's coming my way... headed to Austin and Houston in August... speaking of that lovely state - Texas...  The 9-11 commission released its report this week and warned of serious threats from terrorists this coming September 11th and during the elections in November.  Congress decided it was important enough to call an emergency session to discuss how to keep the country safe.  All of the brightest minds are hard at work making sure they get re-elected... er... I mean keeping us safe.  Speaking of not so bright minds - and getting back to the Texas remark - right after the news story of how EXTREAMLY important it is for us to focus on the upcoming terrorist threats we get the news story that GW has gone to his ranch in Texas for his "summer vacation".  What the hell?  This isn't middle school!  You can't just go on vacation whenever you feel like it when you're the president - and no 'cuts' in the lunch line!  Fucking-a.  This country is going to hell in a handbasket and GW is the one carrying said handbasket.  Also in other news... I'm DESPERATLY trying to buy a laptop for all my upcoming travel so I can attempt to try to update all the websites while on the road.  So far funds for said new laptop have yet to surface.  Although, I went to see my family in EBF (East Bumble Fuck) Georgia today and everyone seemed to throw cash at me - $160 total.  I guess its a good start and you gotta start somewhere.  I can't apply for financing thanks to the whole CCCS situation.  Not that i'm bitter - I really DON'T need financing for anything right now.  The last thing I need is more debt.  Anywho, this will be my last week in my old position at work and it will be spent mostly signing UPS slips for new toys from Corporate IT.  God I love my new job.  So far I've heard of 2 workstations (desktops of course), a Dell Server, and a Blackberry/Cell/Two-Way all headed my way.  I.T. ROCKS!  My family are all VERY supportive of my job especially since it means a nice raise for me and they have hopes that I stop mooching off them eventually.  In other more personal news - I saw my grandmother this weekend and she's looking mav-o-lus.  She's recovering from the surgery very well.  She starts Kemo in a few weeks which scares me but my mom, the nurse, tells me its not the invasive kind of kemo... it only hurts when you breathe.  In irritating news... while in EBF this morning without cell service the office tried to reach me 7 times (7 voicemails).  I'm not irritated that I didnt have cell service (for once) but I'm irritated that they tried to get ME.  I'm not "on call" and I'm still technically a "Sales Assistant".  Anywho... I guess they've become too depenedent on me and I'll have to ween them this coming month while I'm on the road.  In Drag news... there is no Drag news.  August is a tight schedule with work so I suppose I'll start booking things in September.  I missed Erik's call today but he sounded like he wanted a schedule.  I'm sure we'll catch up tomorrow.  Right now I have all the candles lit in the apartment and some nice Paul Oakenfold music on - doing laundry and venting.  What a great Sunday.
"Are you seeing anyone?"  It's such a simple, non-invasive question.  Yet, no one in my family can seem to bring themselves to ask me.  Most of the time the answer would be "no" because I wouldn't tell them about someone unless I knew it was for sure but it would be nice for them to ask once in a while - as though they had high hopes that I would one day meet "the one".  I know if I lived the other "lifestyle", as they would put it, that my mom would be constantly asking if I had popped the question yet.  Love is love.  Black, white, gay, straight, whatever.  Why can't they just hope for me to one day be in love?  Anyway, it kinda feels like they're jinxing me.  It certainly isn't helping.  At least if they asked every now and then maybe I'd be more inclined to try to figure out why the hell I can't make relationships work.    Since I came out 7 years ago I've been on the hunt for a husband.  But lately after meeting some people I've come to the conclusion that maybe I'm better off single.  At least till I get an attitude adjustment, more income and better taste in clothes.  Those are the three KEY values for being a husband in the gay world you know - so I'm told.  Sure, it would be nice to be able to split expenses, have someone to do things with, have someone to cuddle up next to at night, have someone to fight with, have someone to make up to.... but gay guys don't work that way.  The first sign of trouble and we ditch.  "ABANDON SHIP!!!  She's going down!"  I guess we try to be the dumper before we get dumped.  Or maybe when I say "we" I really mean "me"?  Again - attitude.  Everyone tells me to stop looking and it will happen.  How do you stop looking?  Even when I stop looking I'm secretly looking.
So, for years now, since I was 5 or so, I've suffered from mouth ulcers, also known as canker sores.  They've just been a part of my daily life.  They hurt like hell.  They las for about a week at a time and did I mention they hurt like hell?   I've gone through so many bottles of Ambesol in my life I should have bought stock.  That's the only thing I've found that does any bit of good and all it does is numb the area for a few minutes - usually long enough to keep me from losing my mind from the pain.   Well, last month I had to go to the doctor with my bi-anual sinus infection and happened to have an ulcer at the time.  I asked him about it and he looked at it and was like "oh yeah, that's an aphthous ulcer" and gave me a prescription.  I was like - thank GOD!  I finally have a name for these stupid things (I knew it wasn't cold sores cause they've always been inside my mouth and I knew it wasn't a STD since I've had them since I was 5) and hopefully something to make them go away!   So I went to my local CVS to fill the prescription only to find that the ONLY company that makes this medicine is in the process of being bought out and has "halted production" of the drug.  The other good news is that this is the ONLY company that makes the ONLY drug prescribed for aphthous ulcers.  Sweet.   So, that ulcer went away as usual in a week or so.  Now I have another one on my lip.  This one caused by a "trauma" to the mouth (I bit my lip while eating).  It hurts like hell.   Having this pain makes me ill almost to the point of insanity.  It makes my whole mouth hurt which makes my jaws hurt which makes my neck hurt which gives me a headache.  I can't sleep at night from the pain unless I take Niquil or a sleeping pill, and I certainly can't do other things I enjoy (use the dirty part of your brain here).   Well, this whole situation reminds me of how I feel about life in general.  I have issues but don't know how to solve them so in the meantime I do things to numb the pain long enough to keep from going insale.  I could also assume the drug I need to fix the other problems in my life has been halted in production while someone gets bought out.  Typical.
Yeah, so this is my first post here.  I've tried livejournal.com but thought I'd give this a whirl as it appears to be less drama and more focused on the person posting than a "community".     So, here's the thing.  I complain too much.  I know it, I don't deny it.  I guess its mostly because I'm not happy.  But why am I not happy?  Do I keep myself from being happy?  What  is  "happy"?    I would consider myself successful.  I have a place to live, most of the time I even have food to eat.  I've done alright for myself, all things considered.   So why am I unhappy?  Because in a world OVERFLOWING with people I am completely, utterly, alone.  I honestly don't even think I have myself.  Who am I?  What do I REALLY want?   Ever since I came out in '97 I've searched for "the one".  I just know that if I find my other half I can live happily ever after.  But that seems to be less and less likely to happen and less likely to be realistic.  What if I'm the one I want but I don't even know who I am? Talk about an identity crisis.   I know I have several problems.  Some of which are probably easily changed - like being lazy.  But others are going to take more effort than I'm sure I have.  What about the bad attitude?  How do you fix a bad attitude when you have your bad attitude because you're unhappy?  Is it a viscious cycle?  A downword spiral?  Am I reaching the bottom?   I keep thinking that I need a life changing event.  A giant slap in the face.  I feel like I'm one long internal turmoil like Christina and Joan Crawford - a bitter battle to the end.  How do you slap yourself in the face?   I know one thing - it's hard being gay.  I love being gay though.  I just wish the sexuality and the lifestyle weren't so codependent on each other.  I know I like guys.  I also know I'm not into the scene:  the bars, the charity events, the shopping, the gossip.  Maybe money has a part to play, maybe self-esteem is to blame - whatever it is, I just don't fit in.   So, I obviously have a lot of questions and maybe in this blog I can answer one or two of them and learn how to fit into this world.  You gotta start somewhere, right?    
