Almost finished with neck increases on Ole sweater.  should be done by next week.    Picked up some faux mohair on ebay yesterday - plan to use it with the red two-two for the sweater in FCEK.  Also the sock yarn I ordered came yesterday - very nice!  I have midterms coming up so I really have to stop knitting and start studying!
First day of my first blog - very excited to start - though not real sure about what I am doing. I am definitly not up on this!
Well it is the last day of 2003 - Can't say I all that sorry to see it go!   My NY'S Resolution for 2004 is to learn to knit these blasted socks, I have frogged these at least a dozen times. Posted a message on socknittersSAM to help me figure out what I am doing wrong.    I started them in Four Seasons Hot Socks and size 2 DP's, but I am not used to working with such small needles and fine yarn - I am going to do the beginner toe up sock in WW and large needles - I hope that will help.   Got a response from the skSAM - tonight will be spent trying this out while waiting for the ball to drop!
Will start working on the kids socks in camo soon, first I want to finish the Sonnet sweater from knitty.  I also started a shawl in a diamond pattern (from the lion brand website) in the Violet Bunny I have.  There are only 4 skeins so all I could make was a hat and scarf or a shawl - and I really wanted to do some lace work, but not too fine.  Since this is a bulky yarn it is going really quickly.  I seem to be knitting a lot of purple this winter - the sonnet is aubergine, the shawl is violet and the shape it scarf is in lavander.  My SIL sent me a photo of my nephew in the mexicali sweater I knit him for Christmas - he looks so cute (the sweater is not bad either!)
Finished the first pair on camo sock - they look cool - I think the boys will like them.  I need to finish that next pair before the end of this month so they can both take them camping.  Of course I started a new project, the bell lace socks on SocknittersSAM.  I turned my first heel last not - really would have like more detailed directions, but as it is an advanced class the instructions assume the knitters know how to do this alreadty.  They don't look too bad though - I guess I got most of the directions right without really knowing what I was doing.  I need at least 1 more skein of Jo Sharp DK for the Sonnet - I am doing the sleeves on circs down from the shoulders and I am really liking how it looks!  Finally set up a Picturetrail acct, so now all I have to do is figure how to get them to show up here.
When I got to yoga last night, I found out that my instructor had had her baby about a week earlier than she was expecting!  So when I got home last night I cast on a baby hat out of some pretty dk wt confetti colored cotton yarn I had in my stash.  I found a cute and easy pattern on line, I would like to have it finished by class next week - I will leave it at the office for her.  I went to the Career Service office last night to pick up the list of places that will sponsor MT's so they can treat till they can take the State Boards and get their license.  Most of them are on LI but a few are in Queens and Manhattan.  I will try calling a couple today.  I doubt I will get much knitting done this weekend.  I have to treat tmrw in clinic, then I am going for my 2nd acupuncture treatment.  Sunday I am going to an aromatherapy workshop,  it is an all day program and I have to fit that damn path paper in there somewhere too!
Well I got a call back from school today - I need to get the CPR/First Aid certs in before school ends - soooo today I registered for the classes with the Red Cross - had to take 2 days off from work,  My boss was NOT happy, but I will have both by Aug 5 and the last day of class is Aug 16 so will be ok. Whew!!  I have got to learn to stop procrastinating!   On the needle front - I didn't do any knitting last night, I couldn't decide what to work on so I didn't work on anything.   David is going to set up space for me on our ISP so I can add pictures - then I should be able to add them to my blog.  I think I may finally be getting the hand of this!
No School tonight, so I will have time to knit!  I really should be spending time working on my path paper - It is due Aug 2, so I really don't have much time. ......and I found out last night I have to get my CPR/First Aid cert. by next Friday!!!!!  So what else would I do but spend time knitting?!?!  I really need to finish something.     
Finally back to posting!  Only 4 more weeks of school and I am finished!!!!Of course I still have my path paper to write and my finals to go through, but the end is in site.     I think I have finally figured out how to post pictures to my blog, so I am going to try it now.     Nope still haven't gotten it, but I won't give up!!     Other knitting news - started on David's birthday sweater - it's the classic pullover from "The Purl Stitch" - about the only sweater pattern he liked!     About halfway done with the baby blanket for Mary.  She's due in Sept so I am ok time wise.  The boys don't seem overly enthused with the idea of a new half brother!     I am more than halfway through with the 1st afghan I am making for each of them.  This one is in modular blocks  in a dark and light green, dark and light blue, dark and darker Burgundy and tan pattern.  The other one I haven't started yet is in blues and purples and that one will be crocheted - just as a break from the knitting.     I am also making a triangle shawl from a yarn blend I picked up at  urlLink www.numei.com  it is called tapestry  it looks really good and should go well with my fall wardrobe.  I am doing it in a garter stitch with yarn overs down the center and at each end.     Then there is the stole I am making out of S Charles Ritratto  in the pumpkin colorway - gorgeous coppers, orange, gold and a little metallic! I am trimming it with a lace edging from Knitting on the Edge out of Autstermann Caprice  in the deep copper color.  Just trying to figure out the best way to attach the edging to the stole.     I guess that is enough for today.  Have to work on my patient logs for school tonight - just 4 more weeks, just 4 more weeks, just.......
Sorry it has been a few days since I posted.  Things have been hectic!  Completed my First Aid trainning, now it's on to CPR on Thursday and that is taken care of.  Haven't had much time to knit, although I did get about 3 more inches done on David's sweater, it is the classic ribbed pullover from The Purl Stitch, I am making the v-neck version.  It will be his birthday present.  I will probably have to take it on vacation with us if I intend to finish it in time for Sept. 5.  I am using bamboo circ's so hopefully there will be no problem on the airline.
I am really tired today - didn't get home till after midnight last night - it was raining so hard I couldn't see where I was driving.  When the alarm went off this morning I wanted to cry.   Finished the baby hat for my yoga instructor - I have class tomorrow so I will drop it off at the office.  I am trying to make matching socks but I'm having a little trouble with those.  That is all the knitting I have had time for, just be too busy with school and stressed trying to find my mother a new apt. (Won't even go into what I would like to do to her current landlord)   I have purchased so much beautiful yarn lately and it just sits there waiting for me to work with it.  I have the Cherry Tree Hill boucle lace weight yarn I bought for the leaf lace shawl KAL, got it wound up, but haven't started knitting yet.  Then there is the hand dyed sport weight I won on eBay that is just crying out to be a fall poncho, and I can't forget all the yarn from elann!   Hopefully I will get through finals and my path paper so that when I get home form vacation I can get started on some of these projects and finish the ones languishing on my needles now.
Man did this weekend fly!  Saturday after clinic, I had my 2nd acupuncture treatment.  It really does seem to be helping, the pain in my neck and should is MUCH better, and so are the headaches.  Sunday I spent the day at an aromatherapy workshop.  It was excellent - I learned so much I can use in my own practice (as soon as I am licensed!)   But with all that going on, I had  no time for knitting at all, and I feel like I missed the whole weekend.  Here it is Monday and I am back at work and I have clinic again tonight.   Hopefully, when I get home tonight I will be able to work on my stole.  I really want to get the edging attached to the bottom.
My written final is finished (did really well!) now all I have is the practical and I am done!  Had waaay too much coffee yesterday, so when I got home about 11pm I was wired and couldn't sleep so I started my square for the yahoo group I joined. 2 people are matched up and they knit or crochet 1 or 2 6" squares for each other, when those are done you let the list know and they match you up with another person and you start again. Then you take all your squares and put them together to make an afghan or wrap or something. I started mine in Plymouth Encore in a raspberry color - I am making chris cross cables, I got the pattern out of  Beautiful Knitting Patterns by Gisela Klopper.  It is a fun way to try new patterns.
I handed my paper in last night - not my best effort, but at least it is finished and is in on time. Tonight I have my written final for Med Massage - I haven't studied - I just can't get my head wrapped around books - especially when all I want to do is wrap yarn around a needle!     This is the mexicali ole sweater I knit for my nephew - he looks wonderful in it. I think I have this picture thing figured out - yeah!!! More pictures to follow.  My mohair poncho is coming along really great - I love the effect I am getting. I can't wait till it is cool enough to wear.    This is the shawl I finished before the weather got really hot - it's done in Tahki bunny in violet.  Well I guess that is enough pictures for now, don't want to over load the page.
Happy Monday! Well my path paper is finished!!!! (well it is written, I just have to finish typing it today) I will hand it in tonight and the biggest part of my "things to do before I can graduate" list is done.  David and I drove the boys up to Boy Scout camp yesterday in the pouring rain. Of course I had to take a new project with me. I have one ball of King Cole Mohair in Barcelona (I think) it's teal, hunter, raspberry and yellow fuzzy yarn, and 2 balls of Woolease in Pines, which is a teal, dark blue and green mix. I cast on 76 stitches on size 17 needles with the mohair doing 3 rows of K1 *YO K2tog* then changing to the Woolease and doing about 4" of garter stitch then back to the mohair and so on. Gotta tell you, I am really please with the results - the colors set each other off perfectly and it feels incredible!. I am thinking I will keep knitting till I run out of yarn and if it is long enough stitch it up to make a poncho - otherwise it will make a beautiful shawl.  David still has not set up space on our ISP so pictures are not yet available, but are coming soon - I promise.
