Religion is a topic that most people avoid in conversation due to the many controversies that are centered around religious beliefs.  As Brasher says, most of this country's critical controversies such as, abortion rights, the death penalty, and the foundation of public education are all founded by citizen's religious beliefs.  The people that hold these beliefs would like them to become part of public policy for everyone.  Problems arise when people want everyone to hold their same convictions.   Religion is part of all our lives in some way or another.  Religion is something that gives people hope, and a standard to live by.  It allows camaraderie among the followers in the fact that they have a common belief.  Religion answers questions for people on how to live their lives, and what occurs after death.  It provides people a purpose to live the life that they are living.  With out this stability people would be lost.  Even if you aren't a religious person chances are that you have strong opinions associated with religion in general, and it's affects on society. Every culture is centered by the religion held by the leader of their country or the majority of the citizens.  This religion affects nearly every aspect of people's lives. In many cases religion is decided by what family you are born into and what geographic location you are born at.  The culture or community you are born into determines the way you choose to live your life.  With a variety of religions more readily available to people via the internet does this give people more power to change the philosophy of life they are shown to be correct?  I think that this new venue offers an easy way to research a religion, and to get the basics across in an easy format.  Brasher states the fact that the popularization of printing transformed European religion.  The internet may do the same for modern day society, however, I am a skeptic concerning the idea that the only religious experiences you have is through the internet.  Perhaps this opinion is only due to my own personality type.  I need personal interaction, and need to experience enlightenment in real time and space not purely through cyberspace.
This class is quite exciting for me.  I will be working with a diversity of people, and I hope that I will learn about the current issues related to diversity and cultural politics.  The blogs are a wonderful way to express yourself without the fear of public speaking.  For the quieter students this is a perfect way to get their opinions and thoughts accross to the group.  I plan to come into class with an open mind ready to hear other point of views.  I am also looking forward to sharing my thoughts and opinions on the subjects discussed in class and in the readings.  This subject is ever changing and everyone, with out a doubt, will learn something new.
These games have a subtle influence on young people.  They shape the way these gamers view the world, and how they interact in it.  In addition, within the games there aren't any consequences for violent acts.   Coexisting with these violent acts are stereotypes and inappropriate gender roles that our youth are interacting with on a regular basis.  They majority of those playing the games are young, white, males.  This is an impressionable age group, and this is a time when they are developing their views on gender roles.  They are also learning how to interact with others, particularly women.  They are developing their self and their identity.   The message within these games is that males should use force, aggression, and control to get what they want.  This isn't an appropriate way to achieve goals or a desired response from another human being.  We are raising a generation that holds these views, and sees women as objects to control.  They are also seeing women as sex objects, and not on the same level as men.  In this mind frame this is something that we should all be worrying about, because these games are molding the next generation to hold these stereotypes and misinterpretations as truths.  These games if taken seriously and played on a regular basis can in no way have a positive influence.  What is the point?  There are plenty of positive activities that children can do that might break away from the isolation of sitting in front of a screen.  What happened to board games, and athletic activities that we all use to enjoy.  Is the idea that kids should be doing more productive activities an idea of the past?  If so our future generations will be increasingly over weight, and not a very social society.  The technology isn't the problem, it's how we've chosen to develop it that is the real issue.  There has to be options for games that are fun, and still hold more appropriate values.  Regardless if the games are quality or not the act of playing them should be limited by parents.  When I was growing up I played video games, however, they were much more simple.  There were still violent games in those days, but I wasn't allowed to play them.  In addition, when I did play there were time limits put into place.  This way we remained active, and developed our minds as well as our bodies.  I don't have kids yet, but I do plan on some day being a parent.  I hope that my children aren't interested in video games, however, I do realize that most of the young generation is and my children will probably want to play them or at least be exposed to them.  By the time they are this age I will have already addressed these issues related to these games, and they will know the rules surrounding them.  Time limits are key for parents to regulate the exposure to this sort of play, and to only allow positive games inside the house.   This is an issue that I have contemplated for some time, and I can only hope for the best.  Perhaps the regulations of the game creators will soon be restricted from making games that have extreme violence, and inappropriate gender roles.
I apologize for my tardiness, but the computer wouldn't allow me to post my blog.  Consequently I lost my blog, so for a second time I will discuss the topic of identity.  Our identities online as oppose to "real life" are vastly different.  Online we can present ourselves in any way we prefer, because there is no face-to-face interaction.  The task of creating our weekly blogs is a terrific example on this matter.  Through our blogs we can express opinions that we may be to shy to discuss in class.  These opinions represent our identity, and who we feel we are.  In this format there isn't a significant level of deceitfulness; however, in mudder interactions the characters can be made up completely.   Kendall discusses that many people fabricate their characters completely, but they need to be consistent in their presentation.  In some cases there is more than one person acting out a character.  In this format it allows men and women to explore another side of them that society won't allow them to be in "real life".  Such as, a woman can create a powerful opinionated character online that is male, and she may be considered intellectual and ambitious rather than a bitch.  A man can create an identity that is female so that he can express vulnerability and emotions without being called a wimp or a fag.  However, some may be just having fun, rather than looking for validation.   In any case, online we are able to play roles that we either are too inhibited or simply not allowed to play out in our day to day lives.  All that participate in mudding share a common interest, and usually wish to develop relationships with those involved.  Kendall warns that the potential for identity ambiguity and deceitfulness complicate the relationships online.  There needs to be boundaries in place, and a way to ensure that the rules are followed.  Through consistency trust is built.  Those seeking to create group and personal relationships online must find a variety of ways to deal with the potential for deception and ambiguity in the identities presented online.  
I chose two online religion sites that concerned Scientology.  This is a religion that I knew nothing about, therefore, it was of interest to me.  I claim that one site's motivation is to persuade the audience to come to their religion with promises of what Scientology can do for their life, but it gives you no explanation on how you are to do this.  Their motivation for having the site is to touch the lives of the uninspired individuals with their flowery words and empty promises.  In addition, the audience that they are catering to excludes women, and all ethnicities accept the white race.  They don't provide any facts about their religion or their beliefs.  The point of their site is to con you into buying their books.  They are selling their religion and their products.  The second site is a straightforward approach that doesn't present themselves as part of the religion simply stating the facts.  It gives you the complete run down on their beliefs, history, and religious practices.  The most important factor is that they include references for all their findings, so that you can follow up on their research to be more educated about their position.  They are quite neutral and honest in the site, and that is a plus when you are looking for forthright information.   Scientology is quite close to a cult, and has been accused of being so.  Obviously it hasn't agreed with these claims, and the Webster dictionary's definition of religion doesn't coincide with the their religious beliefs presented on these sites.  They appear to value family, marriage, and children.  It also speaks of life goals, these are all topics that enter all of our lives, therefore, we can all relate to this religion.  The first site catered only to men, and the assumption is that if you gain the man's faith the family will follow.  This claim is evident when you overview the site.   The idea that lost souls may be suckered into believing religious claims such as these is a scary factor to consider, and we should become educated and spread that enlightenment throughout our community.  Religion affects our entire lives, and consequently the lives of those around us as well. I am sure that there are those that won't agree with me.  Of course all the Scientologists out there I am positive wouldn't approve of my overview of their national site.  Perhaps white, American, males wouldn't agree that the first site was catering to them.   I used the Webster's II Dictionary, Brasher's book, and the sites www.scientologyhandbook.org, www.religioustolerence.org  Sorry about the quick overview I've been sick with the flu, and I don't have any remaining energy to rant on and on about my paper.  Thank you.
I feel invisible online just about all of the time.  When I am researching something via the internet I am anonymous, and feel free to perform my research.  This is really the only reason that I use the web is to do school related business.  Otherwise, I would rarely use it; however, at the end of my four year degree I am finding myself with much more interest in the web.  I am beginning to feel "normal" while using the internet.  I was very unfamiliar with the web and its functions.  I was intimidated, to be honest, purely because I was inexperienced, and within this last year I have become more comfortable with it. I am sure this is how most people feel when just learning to use the internet.  Many people won't even give themselves a chance, because of their fear.  Computers need to be more readily available to ever class, race, and age.  So everyone may feel "normal" while on the web.  I am a white female, therefore, I can use the web without encountering much, if any, personal racism. The icons and symbols used online do reflect my race, culture, and will be in my language.  The entire internet is centered around familiar metaphors that are within my culture.   This is something that I have taken for granted and I hadn't considered how much easier this makes it for me to learn how to perform tasks online.  If I have taken this long to become acquainted with the web I am sure that people that aren't of my age, race, or my culture may find this quite challenging.  In Mossberger et al some statistics are stated that were shocking to me, and made me feel much more a head of the game.  The statistics are: 22% of people need help using the mouse and keyboard, 31% need help using e-mail, 52% need help using word processing/spreadsheet programs.  Wow!
