I can't take this job anymore!  I swear it is going to be the end of me.  One of these days I'm going to call in dead and they're all going to wonder what happened.  I've been thinking about going back to the hospital for a little while.  Don't know what it would solve.  Everything would be the same ... all the same shit waiting when I got out.  Maybe I could at least get some real rest.  Super medicated - drugged out beyond my wildest imagination rest.  Rest where I don't wake up a million times a night with stupid thoughts in my head.  Rest where I don't have to exercise until I drop.  Rest where I don't have to take a blade to my skin in order to relax first.  Is that really so much to ask?
What is it about 3am that seems to jar me awake?  Is there a secret alarm in my head that goes off to tell me to get up and start worrying?  Fresh day - get a jump on it.  I'm out of Ambien.  Didn't realize how much I depended on it to keep me asleep.  I hate depending on my meds.  I hate meds.  I got a letter from an insurance company today at work showing which of our patients are non-compliant with their psych medications.  I thought to myself, well of course they're not.  Even with meds I still don't think right.  Normal people don't think about cutting themselves.  They don't fantasize about the slow drip of blood from their veins.  Why would any of our patients feel differently.  Maybe they have different issues than I do, but it's all the same.  Still have good days and bad days.  Lately I just pray for sleep.  As much as I can get.  Eyes closed - mind shut off.  For now I'll take that ...
We used to be friends.  What happened?  You used to listen to me.  Remember all of those times I stayed on your couch?  You would sit with me and listen while I lapped at my wounds.  You held me when I cried.  Your house was a safety net underneath the tightrope I was walking.  When we talked tonight I was so happy.  I wanted to hear everything that was going on with you.  Then you had to go.  No time to listen to me.  Does it bother you?  Does it make you sick to hear of my hurt?  Because if it hurts you to hear of it ... think about how it feels to be me ... Think of what it feels like to have all that pain and vileness pulsing through MY veins.  Maybe then you'll have time to listen.  Maybe then you'll let me vent.  Until then ... I'll just have to spill it out in a pool of red.  Call me sometime ...
Can't I even be grouchy after a night of tossing and turning?  Exhaustingly rehashing the day over and over in my mind - trying to polish out the jagged edges and turn the disgusting realizations of the day into a beautiful piece of sea glass?  "You're allowed to be grouchy when you haven't slept ..."  I point out.  You say, "Not to someone who is trying to be nice and help you."  Yeah.  Your idea of help is to tell me that I need to change.  If I just did everything your way then all of this confusion would disappear, wouldn't it?  Everything would be fine if I did exactly what you wanted.  I doubt it.  "Take the TV out of your room and the room will be more conducive to sleep ..."  Do you really think the TV is what keeps me up at night?  I think the TV is what keeps me sane for the hours on end that my mind races around in circles, making me dizzy and sick.  TV is something to focus on ... like a dancer doing all those pirouettes ... spotting an object to turn her head towards so that she doesn't collapse.  Without the TV it would just be silence.  That deafening roar of nothing and everything all wrapped into one. 
How do you always know how to make me feel so unbelievably small?  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  You know just the things to say and just the time to say it.  It was just supposed to be a fun little game.  Everyone had fun - didn't they?  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  People were laughing and talking with each other.  They were yelling across the tent and teasing each other.  Everyone there was involved.  It was an icebreaker.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  Bridged the gap between bride's side and groom's side.  The tent was separated like a junior high school dance.  I just wanted people to have fun.  Games are fun.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  But you ruined it.  You had to yell out to the whole group.  Yell that I insisted that we play it.  Like it was such a dumb idea that we play a game at a bridal shower.  "Stacey and her silly bingo ..." you said.  Loudly, so that everyone could hear.  Over and over you joked.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  You think you're so clever, so funny.  With that ever-present damned sarcastic tone of yours, saying, "Another one of Stacey's stupid ideas ..."  Yelled out the evidence of my stupidity to everyone.  And they all looked at me.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  Why did you do that?  Why did you make me want to disappear?  Did it make you feel better to make me want to run and hide when I knew that I couldn't?  I wanted to scream and yell at you in front of everyone.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  I wanted to make you feel small too, so that you know how it feels.  There I stood - frozen like a deer caught in the headlights as a huge SUV barrels towards it, not knowing which way to run to avoid disaster.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  I was nervous.  You KNEW I was nervous that things wouldn't go well.  As uncomfortable in my role as host as I was in the dress that I wore.  And you couldn't just leave me alone.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  I was wearing a dress!  ME.  I felt fat.  I AM fat.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  I don't even fit in my bridesmaid dress anymore.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  I felt bad already and you just couldn't resist the temptation to make it a little worse.  A little bit harder.  Get in that little dig that just makes my day.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  Just when I wanted to blend most you turned on the spotlight and said, "Look at my stupid daughter.  She wants to play a retarded game.  How dumb is she?!?!"  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  My scars burned bright red against my skin as I stood there ... waiting.  They screamed out.  No way to hide them from the stares of all those strangers.  Everyone turned foreign.  Even the family members that I have known all my life.  I know that everyone sees them.  I know that they're wondering.  And then you draw even more attention to me.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  And everything inside started to bleed.  I could feel that nasty blood pooling in my stomach and making me nauseous.  Cramped and uncomfortable, I stood there, wanting to be anywhere else.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  I wanted to just run to my room and never come out again.  Humiliated.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  I didn't even know half the people there and you just made me look dumb.  Again.  Thanks a lot, Mom.  I'll just bleed it all away.  All the hurt and embarrassment.  Watch it drip through the needle and pool onto the towel.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  How many more beautiful red drops until I feel better?  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  How many more until the hurt goes away?  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  How many more before the relief?  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  How many more until I forget?  Nothing.  I lose the vein.  Feel the blood on my skin when I pull the needle out.  Warm and gooey.  It runs down my arm and pools in the crook of my elbow.  The red pattern spread out on the towel in my lap starts to dry.  I stare at it for a while contemplating a new vein.  It won't make it all go away though.  Over and over I replay the scene in my head.  Over and over you humiliate me.  Over and over and over.  It was just a game.  You didn't have to make me feel so small ...
When I woke up this morning I thought back to the 4th of July last year.  How different my life was then.  I was cooking out in the common area of my apartment complex in California.  Happily married.  Happy my husband and I both made it home from our deployments.  Happy that I was going to watch the fireworks with him on the flight deck of the aircraft carrier that he was stationed on.  Sure, things weren't perfect, but I really thought I was happy.  I remember that they had a radio station set up to play music in time with the local fireworks display.  We were on the flight deck and they had simultaneous fireworks displays in different parts of San Diego.  Any direction that you looked in, you could see the same fireworks show.  And I was in my husband's arms after his being away for so long.  People who aren't in the military don't realize how long a deployment actually is.  Someone once said to me, "It's only six months."  They obviously weren't there for the six months before he actually left.  The actual deployment is the calm after the storm.  For six months before a unit/ship leaves they are in constant training.  A couple of weeks in port, a couple of weeks out to sea ... the turmoil is exhausting.  At least a deployment is stable.  I should have known that all wasn't as good in my marriage as I suspected.  It's probably not optimal when you kind of enjoy the freedom of your husband's deployment.  When he was around I was always trying to be someone that I wasn't.  I was trying to be the perfect wife.  I wanted to give him everything.  Quite honestly, it was exhausting when he was home.  But I still looked forward to it.  There was something about being in his arms that made me feel safe.  Standing up there on the flight deck, teary eyed as they played Three Doors Down to honor those still deployed ... it all felt just perfect.  Today I don't even recognize the person that I was then.  In just one year so much has changed.  I'm on my way up from rock bottom now.  I will be strong.  I will get through this ...
Work was very hectic ... last day before a holiday weekend and everyone needs "last minute" refills, checkups etc.  To top it all off my doc was on vacation and everything had to be referred out to other docs in the practice.  I was the only one in my area and I was extremely overwhelmed with the onslaught of phone calls.  Even if I had wanted to tell Darlene, the manager, that I needed help -- I couldn't have gotten away for long enough.  Finally I hit the breaking point.  One of my docs patients had a stroke and the ER was calling for records and to talk to the admitting doc.  I didn't know who was admitting for the day.  Luckily someone came through my area and I unloaded the chart on them.  They came back after and said they told Darlene I needed help.  The nurse for the admitting doc also came over to my area to ask some questions - when she saw how flooded I was, she also went to Darlene.  Darlene didn't come to check on me once.  Around 4pm everything slowed down becase people had left for their vacations etc.  I was catching up on my work and Darlene came by and said, "Looks like you've had a pretty good day ..."  Now I know that she was told what a bind I was in earlier, but I also need the job right now so all I said was that for about 2 hours I had wanted to shoot myself.  Her reply, "Oh, you should have come and told me so I could help."  I just sat there dumbfounded!  What I wanted to say was, "Don't play dumb with me - I know you were told that I needed help - you CHOSE not to come here."  I got home tonight and started job hunting again.  Put in 5 online applications at local hospitals.  I don't feel valued or compensated for the amount/quality of work that I do - now I know why they were so desperate to fill the position and why she has such a high employee turnover.  DBT worked for me today!  Took a lot to stay in my wise mind during all of the chaos.
