urlLink    ben and alicia  urlLink
friday, july 16th, 2004 i was witness to the most beautiful celebration of love i have ever seen.  yes i am a cheese ball, especailly after this!  my sister, alicia, and her fiance, ben, made their commitment official on july 16th.  it was beautiful, elegant, memorable, and emotional.  everything you would want and expect on a wedding day.   one thing that you wouldn't expect, however, was for them to see eachother from sunrise to sundown.  throw tradition and superstition to the wind.    i wonder if when you find that special person you just know it.  i sound so cliche right now but seriously.  they only knew eachother for maybe 8-9 months before they were married.  but i know for a fact that they were planning their wedding and lives together from the first time they met.  its funny cause you can be with someone for years with no future commitment plans, break away from that deadend relationship and end up finding a love that you never knew could existed.  fate has a funny way of testing us.  well i think it is important to listen to your gut and follow whatever path you believe is right at the time.  fate will always show you the way.  cheese!!!!!  i just can't help it.    final note: i am extremely happy for my sister to have found such a wonderful, decent person to share her life with and i hope everyone i love will find the same happiness. 
Patrick Bateman vs Bret Easton Ellis  i am currently reading the book "American Psycho" by bret easton ellis.  i have just finished the first murder scene and omg what a f**king sick f**king crazy messed up f**king mental case.  honestly, who can even write like that and think like that...psychos can.  so that leads me to believe that maybe the author has a few screws loose.  i wonder if authors of books such as this ever have to go in for mental evaluation or if the cops keep a profile on them just to make sure that they aren't out doing "research" for their next serial killer type novel.  the guy is freaken me out.  psycho.
i have a few questions on a few issues.  1)   are blondes really less intelligent than the brunettes and redheads of the world?  i understand that there are many blondes in the world that are amazingly successful, talented and intelligent people.  one of my best friends, a blonde, happens to be one of the brightest  people  i know.  so understand that what i am asking is that if given a different hair colour could they be more intelligent.  have you ever noticed that blondes seem to get more breaks in life?  could this be seen as a form of positive reinforcement that, over time, conditions  blondes  to play on their god given or chemically altered feature?    on a similar note...  2)  do pretty people have an easier ride in life?  i watched a special on A&E once that took you through "a day in the life of" a  good looking  person and a  not so good looking  person.  they went on a variety of job interviews as well as various scenarios involving public authorities.  5/5 times the  good looking  person got the job and got away with the misdemeanour.  hmmmm...how is this right.  why go to school?  why be a good citizen?  why not just save up for surgery.  when you get into a jam you can always just cock your head and say "i'm prettyyyyyyy".    3)  do gay guys have more fun?  from my experience all i can say is hell yes!  i should have more information on this topic after this weekend, pride parties. 
i just have to rant quickly about the biggest life challange that i've come across to date.  credit cards.  it makes you feel all empowered and responsible when you have a credit card.  for one the bank finds you worthy of being in charge of such a grown up piece of plastic and for another you finally have the power that comes with the financial freedom (up to a certain limit of course) associated with having your very own credit card.  so what do most of us do?  rack it up, pay it off, raise our limit, rack it up, and then find ourselves barely able to pay the minimum monthly payment, which is basically interest!  so for those of you who haven't yet experienced the wrath of this evil little wallet filler CUT IT UP and don't look back!
urlLink    *girlfriends*  urlLink
being single...not such a bad thing really.  i think it is just a reality that all vancouver girls have to accept and embrace.  there are those random occurrences, however, when girls all around me seem to be happy and hooked up.  unfortunatly this only seems to happen during peek hormonal times such as spring break and summer long weekends.  i prefer fall romances for that reason.  their feelings are a little more genuine (or so i choose to believe).   despite how i make it sound, not all single girls are victms of circumstance.  some actively choose this lifestyle.  i can understand this since the female population here in vancouver seem to be more interesting than the male.  so unless we all turn lesbian same sex  friendships  are the best things going.  here's an interesting statistic, in calgary the ratio of men to women is 4:1.  its time to pack our bags ladies!
i am happy to say that i am done the book, american psycho, and have watched the movie, so it is finally out of my system.  but to be honest, i still don't get it.  did patrick bateman really kill all those people or is he just a crack head?  hard to say for sure.  either way it was fun to read a book at the same time as 14 other people and then trade ideas as to what was going on throughout the 298 pages.  so jamie, sarah, sarah, and jenn (and whoever else read the book), well done.  i think we really cracked the plot...or totally missed it.
urlLink    scottie fox  urlLink
there is something inate in all of us that makes us want to travel, to see a different way of life.  i think the logic behind that is that we just want to reconfirm our thinking that we live in the most beautful place on earth.  it is all about preference and perception so i can't wait to hear what scott thinks about australia.   scottie is heading down under in one week and two days.  i am so happy and excited for him but at the same time i am sad that we may never live in the same city again.  i haven't been to many places but if i were going to trade vancouver in for another city sydney is 1st on my list.  it is said to be vancouver's sister city so right away you know its going to be a great place to live but there is so much more.           scott is one of my best friends.  one of the most loyal and caring people i know.  he brightens up a room upon entry and doesn't even realize how his charisma immediately affects the people surrounding him.  i am really going to miss this bright light in my life.  thank god for email and blogs!  good luck scottie fox.  you'll have to make an appearence in kelly's on king street in newtown on a friday night for toss the boss in honour of me and kate.   ps. you will get a cell phone (aka mobile) within the first month, i'll put money on it!
i just activated my second credit card.  now if you scroll down a few blogs and read the "evil of all evils" blog you will understand why it is very wrong for me to get my hands on any chargeable piece of plastic.  i really need some help.  can someone step in and take over my finances?????  or at least be there for me when i take out the scissors and, while using every ounce of willpower i have, cut up at least one of those little devils?  k thanks.
alicia and ben are expecting a little bundle of love due dec. 24th. maybe she'll be here in time for christmas, or maybe she can hold out till the 26th. that's my day, i think.
urlLink    mom (aka mum) & dad  urlLink
here's my thinking on the transit payment situation, there is not proper regulation so f**k it.  that philosophy came to bite me in the bum bum the other day.  i was heading down the escalators at burrard station and got busted without a transfer.  when asked what my excuse was i replied, "oh...well...i don't really have a good one ready for you."  followed by an embarrassed half smile.  i just hate the thought of paying for a ticket when 99% of the time you will not  need  one.  they (they being the transit governing body...translink?) need to implement a better system to regulate payment because i am sure that i am not alone out there when it comes to skipping payment.  in sydney you have to enter your card into a gate machine thing before you can ride the train, like how we do on the buses here.  now that is good because you can't really get away with not paying, therefore you don't think twice about purchasing a ticket.
so coincidently by having your own company you have many added responsibilities. i need help! my biggest concern right now is getting sued or making sure i don't get sued. so i am wondering if by calling my co. "bell consulting services" and using a pixie in my letterhead can i get sued by disney????? i should really know this from business law but, ya no, i don't.  help me if you can
urlLink    mmmmm...drew  urlLink
so bb5 is finally starting to heat up.  i seriously think that jase is starting to lose his mind and it doesn't help that his side kick scott is a big dumb dumb and will probably go along with anything he says.  they scare me.  thank god holly is gone, irritating is the word for her.  the twins are coming out soon but f**k what does that matter anyways.  the "girl" group already have enough players don't they.  so now i think that group may need to break off into two.  hmmm, ya that sounds about right.  the best players to me are drew and will.  will is more obvious from what the home viewers can see but i think that drew's true character is going to show up later on.  i really hate those players that just sit there and don't fight for anything, jennifer (aka nicomas), marvin & COWBOY!  they just go along with popular opinion.  maybe that's their strategy or maybe they are just dumb dumbs, like scott, but i don't like their game either way.
urlLink    sweden's display  urlLink
the best place to watch the fire works is from camila & matt's apartment on beach ave.  it was amazing!!!  thank god we were up so high since tanya started a little yelling match with the "hitchhiking hoes" that were on the street 12 floors below.  but seriously, the view was amazing and i put my money on sweden to take the cake on saturday.
