today in the candy household.  Not feeling very good today so I probably won't write too much.  Missed the call yesterday from the medical center regarding whether my insurance is accepted at the hospital for the surgery.  Wouldn't ya know it, I decide to take a shower and someone actually calls me!  Sheesh!    Nick and Niki (Jon's girlfriend) are currently on their way to the Disturbed Concert at the House of Blues and Ryan is tooling around with Uncle Dave for the day so its just me and the poochie here right now and its nice and quiet.  Guess I'll float around the net for awhile then see whats on tv for the evening.....
Well we managed to survive yet another set of bad storms yesterday...Boy we've been getting hit everyday with them lately.  Felix and Nick ran out there before the storm started and hacked off a decent sized branch off the famous storm tree that looked like it would pretty much come down during a fairly large wind.  Better that than it landing on the garage or possibly taking out the electrical wires like they did the summer before.    Talked to my brudder yesterday and found out that his mother in law was having a gastric bypass.  Man that just makes me mad...I've been in the process of having this surgery for over a year and a half!  Once I started talking about having it everyone around me jumped on the wagon and started thinking about having it and theyve all seemed to manage to get their surgery before I can while I am still stuck in the quagmire of paperwork and dumbass people that don't know how to do what they are supposed to.  SO....I called up our local hospital because I had heard a rumor that they had started a Gastric Bypass department sorta thing and the thought of having my surgery 4 miles from home as opposed to downtown makes me feel alittle more secure.  Ok so this all means that I would basically be starting the whole process of getting to the surgery all over again, meaning testing, evaluation and what not but Im figuring that I'm not getting any further ahead with the old system why not just start over and hopefully murphys law will pass me over this time and everything will go along smoothly?  So I call the listed number and the lady was very nice but just as I thought the irons start flying into the fire, she's not entirely sure that theyre clinic takes my combination of insurance which is basically Illinois public aid with United health Care Hmo as either the primary or the secondary insurance.  So I query her on the fact that the hospital is basically in a public aid area with most of its patients probably being on public aid no less so we decided she will take all my information, submit it to the insurance dept and let them take it from there by contacting my insurance and blah blah blah.  She also informs me that because I am a smoker  I might want to go ahead and quit now because you have to be smoke free 30 days before the surgery.  Yeah ok i've heard this quip before i'm riding this one out.  Also she informs me that you may have to lose alittle weight before the surgery. HELLO?  What is the purpose of this?  Hell if I could lose weight that easily I wouldnt need the darn surgery!  That concept is just preposterous to me.  Oh well, I'll give it a whirl anyway.  On the upside, she tells me that once they find out about the insurance and get an approval the surgeons nurse would call me back with an appt for the evaluation with the surgeon and that I could be scheduled for the surgery as close as 3 days after that.  Now remember she is telling this to a woman that started the process to have the surgery in November of 2002!  I've heard all this, I've been thru all the evaluations and I aint believing it until I see it, thank you very much!  LOL  If it all turns out to be that easy I will be a happy skinnier woman!    So ....I'm sitting here minding my own business when in walks the oldest sons girlfriend Niki.  She had just gotten off work as a lifeguard at the local pool and decided she was going to stop over for a visit.  She tells me that Jon was pretty much down in the dumps about all his buddies wives and girlfriends coming in this weekend for visits and his girlfriend wasn't able to go because they just didnt have enough time to plan it and as we all know air flights are muy expensive at the last minute, which seems to be the army's choice of timing.  The kiddo called about 15 minutes later to talk with all of us and yes he sounded pretty much beat and depressed, poor kiddo.  They've been very busy getting instructions, training of themselves and subsequent training of other soldiers.  All this taking place in 97 degree weather, hes sunburned tired and lonely for his girl, and the fact that this weekend he was supposed to take his girl to the House of Blues to see his favorite band Disturbed.  He had purchased these tickets last month before finding out about being deployed.  So my 16 year old will be escorting my sons girlfriend to the concert in his absence.  So he's hoping to be able to come home on a 4 day leave for his birthday in September.    Well I think that just about covers the news aspect of today, i've probably forgotten stuff but hey when your my age your allowed....LOL
REstarting the ole blog   I restarted this blog basically because I wasn't happy with the first go round and thought if I put alittle more thought into it, it might turn out alittle better.  I have a tendency to be a night owl so I am up late at night when its basically quiet in a house that seems to be a circus most of the time.  Ok so tap, tap, tap here we go with alittle info about me.  Im a 43 year old obese american housewife married to a 49 year old born and raised in mexico man with 3 boys ages 21, nearly 17 and 11.  I've been married 21 years and live a murphy's law kinda check to check life.  My husband Felix works 2 full time jobs at 2 different restaurants and is an alcoholic.  If the constant turns in my life werent so darn funny at times I think I would be insane by now.  Most of the time I really feel that considering the cards i've dealt myself i've done fairly decent in some aspects of my life, other aspects i'm not too pleased about.  I could probably write a book entitled when bad things happen to decent people but I'm sure there are lots of folx out there that are worse off than me, which in itself is an uplifting thought.  LOL  Ok so things that are bothering me today....My oldest son Jon, who is in the Army National Guard, who signed up purely for money to go to college got deployed 12 days ago to Fort Polk, LA now granted its not Iraq or Afghanistan, where his best buddy Chris happens to be at this moment, but as with all things the Army tells ya, you get to be skeptical after awhile and lets say non trusting.  He's supposed to be there 15 months possibly more and is there to train incoming soldiers who are leaving to go to afghanistan/ iraq, ring a bell?  Anyway its a great opportunity to make some decent money although college will have to be put on hold till he comes back. So a week ago I had to overnight mail his keys for his rucksacks that he had forgotten.  It cost me 13.65 to overnight mail these keys so he could have them the next day and be able to get into his rucksacks for his supplies.  They were delivered to the base and he has yet to get them.  He finally had to cut the locks off his rucksacks in order to get into them because the mail is floating around somewhere on the base.  Jeez get some organization will ya?  He sounded so tired today claiming that they had meetings outside in the 100 degree weather all day and he was just beat.  Another thing that bugs the heck outta me is why do people bother to call your household and not bother to say anything?  Jeez I wouldnt have the guts to do that.  For the last week we have been getting an "unknown caller" on our caller id, always in the morning say around 9ish always the same thing, no one ever says anything.  We used to just ignore it and let it ring but I got curious as to whom it might be and started answering it, dead silence, no one there, now its starting to piss me off.  On the other hand my soon to be 17 year old got his drivers license last week, Lord help me!  He's convinced if he doesnt drive at least once everyday his driving skills will diminish or something.  Now mind you we come from a family of proud "drivers" so that could be where the attitude comes in at.  When Jon came of driving age he was bought a 100 dollar beater and told to go to it and we rarely let him drive our "new" car till he had some experience at it.  Nick has his own little red beater that my brother bestowed on him before moving to georgia last August, which by the way Jon has been driving around to save mileage on our 2002 Dodge Neon. (yeah right) Now that Jon has given up rights to drive the car around like its his because he is no longer here, Nick has reclaimed it.  But being that our situation right now doesnt factor in enough money for title changes and insurance in his name, he's driving around my Neon, which in turn is making me have nightmares.  Not that I think his ability isnt good enough but im still living in the murphy's law household and holding my breath each and every time he steps out the door.    So, here i sat last night not being able to sleep and worrying about various things for the next day, which I happen to do alot.   Ok so the worrying topics of the day are.....  1. I have to pay 595.00 on my electric bill by the 27th or its gonna be turned off.  2. I have to make a payment and a half on my house payment which comes to 1425.00 by the 30th or I go into foreclosure, which is fun.  3. I havent paid the car insurance yet for 113.00 which was due like the 16th and I have a 16 year old tooling around in the car.    4.  My oldest son is 858 miles away and is going to have to help me make the bills with his paycheck on the 30th or we are toast.    5. We had a god awful storm yesterday here, green skies, hurricane winds, raining cats and dogs which is tornado weather, and I have no insurance on the house the roof is leaking down the pantry wall next to the fusebox which makes me nervous, because the roof needs to be replaced.    6. Its almost august which means I have to start thinking about buying uniforms for school for one kid, clothing and supplies for the other and with the budget I have right now I couldnt squeeze that in if ya paid me.    7. what the heck am I gonna make for dinner today, since I havent been grocery shopping in ages and theres not much left on the shelves.  We've kinda been subsisting on not eating during the day and just having a good dinner at night.  Kinda sucks when ya cant come up with some peanut butter for a sammich ya know?  LOLI dont worry so much about myself, I'm sure i could exist a few years without food but I do worry about the kids, on the upside we always seem to make it and I dont know why I worry so much but thats my job I reckon.  Today is payday so I cant have the fun of taking the husband to work, getting his check and putting it in the bank and watch it disappear right away with nothing left for us to play with, how fun!  LOL    Oh well its 6 am here now so I better stop typing and try to sleep for awhile, Im sure I will be back later with some more interesting twists and turns!   
