Ok, so I went and saw Spiderman 2, last night at midnight.  (And no I am not an idiot).  It was good; in fact better than the first one, which I think is a rare occurrence.  Believe it or not, it actually has more plot that the basic superhero “good vs. evil” theme.  Anyway, I would recommend it, however not at midnight.  Going to see a movie at midnight makes you feel old.  I used to be able to stay out until 3 and be at work at 7, but this morning was not easy.  This has led me to believe that I am not capable of getting by on about 3 hours of sleep.  Which means I am getting old.  This stinks.
Well, I read Jenn's every so often and decided that this might be fun.  So I am trying this out.  Should be interesting!
So it has really been a busy week.   We had a visit form the president of our division on Wednesday, and a visit from the managers of quality and process controls.  Both went well, at least from my standpoint.  That is why I am not the boss.  Other than that our ICP has been down all week, so I have been staying late with the repair man every night and not getting anything done.  That has kind of sucked.   But, on a brighter note, we are going out of town this weekend.  Hooray!  My hubby and I are going to celebrate our one-year anniversary.  I am really looking forward to a weekend away from everything.  In fact, I am going to go pack right now…
Monday was awful.  I was so busy at work that I did not even have time to post about my weekend.  And as you can probably tell, Tuesday hasn’t been to great because it is 7:00 and I haven’t left my busy workday behind yet.  But that is the boring part.  Ok, I must finally admit that I found a time when not having cable really sucked.  Last night, all that was on was the DNC.  It was on the 3 major networks and PBS last night.  That is 80% of my channels. However, we just turned off the TV and found better things to do.  Which is probably the best thing for me to do anyway…I watch too much TV.  In other news, we went to Nashville to visit some friends of mine from college, this past weekend.  It was a bunch of fun.  Other than that, nothing else is new.
So I lied.  The next movie that I saw was not  Harry Potter .  Patrick and I had a double date last night with his sister and her significant other.  We had Mexican food and watched the  Bourne Supremacy .  It was a great time.    The movie was pretty good for a sequel.  It has lots of guy things in it, like guns and chase scenes, just like the first one.  I would watch it again.    Well, I must get back to work.  I want out of here fast, because working on Saturday stinks.  TTFN
Ok, so like two weeks ago I got a letter from the plant manager where I work.  The letter was an invitation to attend a CAP meeting and a dinner.  Since I had no idea what CAP was, I asked around work.  I found out that it was a Community Advisory Panel (CAP), they do volunteer work at a local elementary school.  I also was informed that it would be a REALLY good idea to attend and that it meant that Phil wanted me to become more involved with the community.    So, last night I went to the CAP meeting, along with some other people from work.  We didn’t do anything.  Basically there was no meeting, and we just had dinner.   There was fried fish, corn, beans, slaw, and boiled crabs.  Now, I do not eat crab due to a few previous bad experiences, so I watched.  I have now determined that watching people crack and eat a whole crab can be really disgusting.  They made such a mess, but I suppose that is part of the fun.      By the end of the evening, we still did not have a meeting, or anything remotely community related.  So maybe I did not get sucked into anything, yet.  But, I helped clean up so maybe that was community involvement.
Ok, so an update on the school system for those of you who care.  It is official.  It is legal to not provide bus service for students.  In an effort to cut costs, Hamilton County Schools have eliminated bus service for all high school students.  So students can get a hardship license at 14 and drive to school.  However, due to the graduated license laws, they cannot car pool.  So there will be thousands of kids driving to all of the local high schools.  Traffic will increase, accidents will increase, so will pollution and stress.  At least my stress will increase.
   The auditors are gone!!!     The lab at work was audited by one of our customers on Monday and Tuesday.  They left late last night.  So needless to say it has been a stressful last two days.  But they are gone and we did well.   This should mean I would get to relax a little bit, but that isn’t going to happen.  This week is jam packed with visitor, meetings, dinners, and special testing.  I really think that I might just scream.  And next week is just the same.  But then I have a few days of vacation so maybe I will get some rest.  At least I can try…
So I took the rating quiz, and I must say that I am a bit surprised.  I actually figured that it would be PG-13, but oh well.      My  life is rated R.   urlLink http://www.readingforresults.com/rating/quiz.htm    What is your life rated?     This is the more interesting one...politics.  I scored right in the middle, but that is not a big surprise.  This one is a little long though, but interesting either way.    urlLink http://fray.slate.msn.com/id/2103764    Let me know how you did...
Hello again…     First I must say to Jenn that I am so sorry we missed the party.  We were going to come, but we had some family things to do, that ran over.  This would have made us more than “fashionably late”, so that is why we weren’t there.  However, we will be at the wedding, I promise.  Wouldn’t miss it for the world!!! (BTW what is your g-mail address?)     Ok, I have been so busy that I haven’t written anything in a week, so this will be a catch-up one.    Patrick came home on Monday night, so I am sleeping better.  Work has been ultra busy.  But this weekend was fun.  I saw  King Arthur  on Friday.  It was good, but not like I expected it to be.  It just was not the same fairy tale that I remember from my childhood.  So a slight let down, because I was expecting different things.      This has been a summer of movies.  Usually I don’t see all that many of the summer blockbusters, but I have now seen  Spiderman 2, Shriek 2, The Notebook,  and  King Arthur .  Next will be,  Harry Potter .    Also, in other news, Chattanooga now has a Ben and Jerry’s ice cream shop.  I am so excited.  We must really be moving up in the world.  The freestanding Starbuck’s came just a few months before.  We had ice cream while playing in the fountains at the aquarium on Friday night.  Such Fun.
Well, I it happened sooner than I thought.  I have run out of interesting things to write about me.  Oh well, maybe that is telling me that I am not as interesting as I always thought that I was.  Well, the State of Tennessee, who went years and years without any seatbelt laws, have gone to the extreme.  A few years back wearing a seat belt became a law.  As of July 1, the cops can pull you over if they can’t see/don’t think you are wearing your safety restraint.  Which says to me, a cop can pull you over, if you look suspicious, and claim to not see a seatbelt.   Insane.  Just about as nuts as a child being required to sit in a car seat/booster chair until they are 5 feet tall or are 9 years old.  Can you imagine being 8 years old and still sitting in a car seat?  However, when you are riding on a school bus none of these rules apply.  So if you are a first grader and riding in the car with mom, you must not only wear a seatbelt, but must also ride in a booster seat, although while riding on the school bus you can sit in a seat and move around freely.  How does this make sense?  This is all of course if your county still has transportation to and from school.  Where I live in Hamilton County (Chattanooga) Tennessee, they are having a budget crisis in the school system.   urlLink    The solution to save 2.6 million dollars (of 21.2 million) is to cut out buses for all High School students.    How in the hell do they expect to get people to stay in school if there is no way to get there?  This is the most ludicrous thing they have done yet.  Of course this is in addition to many other school cuts like no salary increase anyone; losing over 50 teaching positions; cutting the school resource officer program; eliminating openings for students at special ed facilities; buying no new textbooks, computers, or other technical equipment; eliminating principals and vice-principle positions; and other cuts.  All this because the county commission voted no to a 50 cent property tax increase for schools.  What are they going to do when the drop out rate doubles???    I really cannot believe that this is what the world is coming to. Disgusting!  But I had better get off of my soapbox and get back to work…more tomorrow.  http://www.hcde.org
Well this week is finally over.  Although it was a short week, it seemed to last forever.    I guess that is what happens when the week is extra busy.  So I will be leaving work shortly and headed to my mother’s.    Since my husband is in another time zone, my mom has decided that I need to spend the weekend at their house.  But that means that I get to with when they pick Kevin up from Governor’s School on Saturday.  So I am off to Knoxville tomorrow.  It makes my mom happy to have me at home still.  I think she misses me.
Since you do this all the time, and also read my blog regularly, I have a question….  Does anyone else that I know have a blog too?  I read yours, and would love to know if there are any other of our mutual friends who have one.  This really is a great way to know what goes on in each other’s lives.  Thanks!!!
I made a remarkable find today...there are actually doctor's offices that can see you in under an hour.    Today was my annual check-up and I went to a new doctor.  My appointment was at 8:45, I was called back by 9:00 and I had paid and was leaving by 9:40.  Can you believe it?  Under an hour.    Anyway, so I am free and clear for one more year.  Other than that I am still not sleeping well (as to be expected).  And I work too much.  Oh, well I guess that is life.
So I am alone for the week.  Yesterday morning I dropped my husband off, so he could head north on a business trip.  I suppose that I should be ecstatic, with all this time for myself, but I am not.  Not only do I miss him, but I don’t sleep well.  It is simply amazing how quickly we develop habits.  I am so accustom to having someone in the bed with me every night that I cannot seem to go to sleep by myself.  Maybe it is the heartbeat, maybe the warmth, or even just the knowledge that we are both safe.   I really am not sure what it is, but I know that I don’t like it.  Oh well, I guess there is nothing that I can do about it.  Maybe I will sleep better tonight.
Yeah, today is a good day.  Not only is it the start of a three-day weekend, but my boss is letting me off early.  This is great!  I am going to celebrate by going shopping.  I know I don't need to spend any money, but who could resist.  Maybe there will be a good sale.    I hope everyone reading this has a wonderful 4th!  TTFN.
This is interesting.  Some sample questions for the US Citizenship test.  I did not do as well as I thought that I would, 9 out of 11.  See how well you do.  http://encarta.msn.com/quiz_14/U_S_Citizenship_Test_Could_You_Pass.html?GT1=4244
I don't have much to say, but I still feel the need to post.  I think it is because this thing is new, and all new things get more attention than old things.  It is raining.  No, pouring here.  This is about to drive me crazy.  Everyday I come to work with the sun shinning and the birds chirping, and then everyday I come home during rain or immediately following rain.  This has got to stop.  Why can the sun never shine when I am home???    Oh well, this is not the time for pity parties, because I am going home for the evening.  Yeah!
